
--- Day 1: Not Quite Lisp ---
-----------------------------

Santa was hoping for a white Christmas, but his weather machine's "snow" function is powered by stars, and he's fresh out! To save Christmas, he needs you to collect *fifty stars* by December 25th.


Collect stars by helping Santa solve puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants *one star*. Good luck!


Here's an easy puzzle to warm you up.


Santa is trying to deliver presents in a large apartment building, but he can't find the right floor - the directions he got are a little confusing. He starts on the ground floor (floor `0`) and then follows the instructions one character at a time.


An opening parenthesis, `(`, means he should go up one floor, and a closing parenthesis, `)`, means he should go down one floor.


The apartment building is very tall, and the basement is very deep; he will never find the top or bottom floors.


For example:


* `(())` and `()()` both result in floor `0`.
* `(((` and `(()(()(` both result in floor `3`.
* `))(((((` also results in floor `3`.
* `())` and `))(` both result in floor `-1` (the first basement level).
* `)))` and `)())())` both result in floor `-3`.


To *what floor* do the instructions take Santa?



Your puzzle answer was `74`.

--- Part Two ---
----------------

Now, given the same instructions, find the *position* of the first character that causes him to enter the basement (floor `-1`). The first character in the instructions has position `1`, the second character has position `2`, and so on.


For example:


* `)` causes him to enter the basement at character position `1`.
* `()())` causes him to enter the basement at character position `5`.


What is the *position* of the character that causes Santa to first enter the basement?



Your puzzle answer was `1795`.

Both parts of this puzzle are complete! They provide two gold stars: \*\*


At this point, you should [return to your Advent calendar](/2015) and try another puzzle.


If you still want to see it, you can [get your puzzle input](1/input).


You can also [Shareon
 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I%27ve+completed+%22Not+Quite+Lisp%22+%2D+Day+1+%2D+Advent+of+Code+2015&url=https%3A%2F%2Fadventofcode%2Ecom%2F2015%2Fday%2F1&related=ericwastl&hashtags=AdventOfCode)
[Mastodon](javascript:void(0);)] this puzzle.


