
--- Day 11: Corporate Policy ---
--------------------------------

Santa's previous password expired, and he needs help choosing a new one.


To help him remember his new password after the old one expires, Santa has devised a method of coming up with a password based on the previous one. Corporate policy dictates that passwords must be exactly eight lowercase letters (for security reasons), so he finds his new password by *incrementing* his old password string repeatedly until it is valid.


Incrementing is just like counting with numbers: `xx`, `xy`, `xz`, `ya`, `yb`, and so on. Increase the rightmost letter one step; if it was `z`, it wraps around to `a`, and repeat with the next letter to the left until one doesn't wrap around.


Unfortunately for Santa, a new Security-Elf recently started, and he has imposed some additional password requirements:


* Passwords must include one increasing straight of at least three letters, like `abc`, `bcd`, `cde`, and so on, up to `xyz`. They cannot skip letters; `abd` doesn't count.
* Passwords may not contain the letters `i`, `o`, or `l`, as these letters can be mistaken for other characters and are therefore confusing.
* Passwords must contain at least two different, non-overlapping pairs of letters, like `aa`, `bb`, or `zz`.


For example:


* `hijklmmn` meets the first requirement (because it contains the straight `hij`) but fails the second requirement requirement (because it contains `i` and `l`).
* `abbceffg` meets the third requirement (because it repeats `bb` and `ff`) but fails the first requirement.
* `abbcegjk` fails the third requirement, because it only has one double letter (`bb`).
* The next password after `abcdefgh` is `abcdffaa`.
* The next password after `ghijklmn` is `ghjaabcc`, because you eventually skip all the passwords that start with `ghi...`, since `i` is not allowed.


Given Santa's current password (your puzzle input), what should his *next password* be?



Your puzzle answer was `hxbxxyzz`.

--- Part Two ---
----------------

Santa's password expired again. What's the next one?



Your puzzle answer was `hxcaabcc`.

Both parts of this puzzle are complete! They provide two gold stars: \*\*


At this point, you should [return to your Advent calendar](/2015) and try another puzzle.


Your puzzle input was `hxbxwxba`.


You can also [Shareon
 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I%27ve+completed+%22Corporate+Policy%22+%2D+Day+11+%2D+Advent+of+Code+2015&url=https%3A%2F%2Fadventofcode%2Ecom%2F2015%2Fday%2F11&related=ericwastl&hashtags=AdventOfCode)
[Mastodon](javascript:void(0);)] this puzzle.


