
--- Day 3: Squares With Three Sides ---
---------------------------------------

Now that you can think clearly, you move deeper into the labyrinth of hallways and office furniture that makes up this part of Easter Bunny HQ. This must be a graphic design department; the walls are covered in specifications for triangles.


Or are they?


The design document gives the side lengths of each triangle it describes, but... `5 10 25`? Some of these aren't triangles. You can't help but mark the impossible ones.


In a valid triangle, the sum of any two sides must be larger than the remaining side. For example, the "triangle" given above is impossible, because `5 + 10` is not larger than `25`.


In your puzzle input, *how many* of the listed triangles are *possible*?



Your puzzle answer was `983`.

--- Part Two ---
----------------

Now that you've helpfully marked up their design documents, it occurs to you that triangles are specified in groups of three *vertically*. Each set of three numbers in a column specifies a triangle. Rows are unrelated.


For example, given the following specification, numbers with the same hundreds digit would be part of the same triangle:



```
101 301 501
102 302 502
103 303 503
201 401 601
202 402 602
203 403 603

```

In your puzzle input, and instead reading by columns, *how many* of the listed triangles are *possible*?



Your puzzle answer was `1836`.

Both parts of this puzzle are complete! They provide two gold stars: \*\*


At this point, you should [return to your Advent calendar](/2016) and try another puzzle.


If you still want to see it, you can [get your puzzle input](3/input).


You can also [Shareon
 [Twitter](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=I%27ve+completed+%22Squares+With+Three+Sides%22+%2D+Day+3+%2D+Advent+of+Code+2016&url=https%3A%2F%2Fadventofcode%2Ecom%2F2016%2Fday%2F3&related=ericwastl&hashtags=AdventOfCode)
[Mastodon](javascript:void(0);)] this puzzle.


